Support battery powered Reolink cameras (#33331)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/reolink.markdown

- [Reolink Duo 2 WiFi](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-duo-wifi/)
- [Reolink Duo 3 PoE](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-duo-3-poe/)
- Reolink Duo Floodlight ([PoE](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-duo-floodlight-poe/) and [Wi-Fi](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-duo-floodlight-wifi/))
- [Reolink Home Hub](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-home-hub/)
- Reolink TrackMix ([PoE](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-trackmix-poe/) and [Wi-Fi](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-trackmix-wifi/))
- Reolink Video Doorbell ([PoE](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-video-doorbell/) and [Wi-Fi](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-video-doorbell-wifi/))

*These models are discontinued and not sold anymore, they will continue to work with Home Assistant.

### Tested battery-powered models

> Battery-powered Reolink cameras can be used with Home Assistant with the help of a [Reolink Home Hub](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-home-hub/). The Home Hub will act as bridge between the battery powered cameras and Home Assistant, conserving the battery life. All features of the battery powered cameras will be available just like regular powered cameras. Viewing the camera stream in Home Assistant will keep the battery camera awake during viewing, consuming battery life. Therefore ensure you do not use the camera stream on a dashboard that is constantly being vieuwed, like a wallpanel dashboard. You can check proper operation by ensuring that the "Sleep status" entity will go to "Sleeping" if the battery camera is not being actively used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Battery-powered Reolink cameras can be used with Home Assistant with the help of a [Reolink Home Hub](https://reolink.com/product/reolink-home-hub/). The Home Hub will act as a bridge between the battery-powered cameras and Home Assistant, conserving the battery life. All features of the battery-powered cameras will be available just like regular-powered cameras. Viewing the camera stream in Home Assistant will keep the battery camera awake during viewing, consuming battery life. Therefore, ensure you do not use the camera stream on a dashboard that is constantly being viewed, like a wall panel dashboard. You can check proper operation by ensuring that the "Sleep status" entity will go to "Sleeping" if the battery camera is not being actively used.
```
